[Music]
I have been trapped in here for days
even though it's only been two hours but
it feels like this why can't I get out
of here I had to get my glove just for
food I miss my glove I'm talking to
hummock dull I must be going crazy Sonic
help me
uhh
silver
are you don't worry silver I'll help you
shoot Oh get the out of my bedroom
I'm trying to sleep
what no did you get that gun I hid it
under my pillow now tell me why you
won't clean up well Silver's been
missing for a couple of hours now and
are we going to look for him
Sonic you're asking me to look for a guy
who uses bubbles for action utter flies
so we'll look for him in the morning I'm
not looking for him now because it's
it's float that we don't have servants
anymore whatever let's just get back to
sleep
well she in this
where the heck are we going to find
silver that explosion could have sent in
anywhere how the heck am I supposed to
know at least I care about silver hey
guys where's silver he's been missing
Hannah oh so that's why it's been quiet
today yeah I'm going to miss it
of course anyway what are we going to do
just look around and try to find him
well that's really smart shut up silver
I mean Sonic I'll get some help with a
search I can't believe you mr. Sonic 4
silver hey it's not my fault my god I am
so hungry and bored and also scared of
this basement this place is so creepy
I am scared don't forget the ghost
friend loser is a loser too what who
said that I am oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god Sonic dull I'm doing good
I feel silver it's just me it's do what
are you doing down here
you scared me like hell amber chameleon
get a joke hi Hannah
anyway you want to come up and get
something to eat
no way I'm not going up to that crazy
house never fun stay down here with a
real ghost
real ghosts wait sto okay guys
has anyone found any trace of silver yet
can I ask something
how come you're not looking with us
you're the fastest thing alive you could
have found him by now because I'd watch
it Family Guy I'm not David I'm going to
watch it Sonic
he's not a gun Aris were Toys R Us and
not at Babies R Us he's not here to
sonic we haven't seen it anywhere he's
not on the beach meet Amana has looked
all over all right
to pro is he at McDonald's no could you
check
I did he's not here you didn't just look
up to find him no I didn't hey guys I
think I might have found him really dark
yeah I'm going to check it up now
he there oh no you won't believe this
you guys but he's in the tree optics is
else
ts what's he doing there he looks scared
what should I do
we can't just walk into the tree optics
house they will do anything to you in
there
can I ask you something Sonic what can I
have some coffee no you can not have
coffee
are we going to do something I mean we
have been standing here doing nothing
for for all hours we were here to still
contest your tune victory winner
this is soaring I'm getting out of this
place
silver why are you eating you don't like
me don't you
you hate me what does everyone hate me
will ya shahr me
stop it
okay already I'll stay a bit under yeah
thank you if you're going to stay longer
you better put another glove on some
characters always have to wear gloves
you're giving me an extra glove no one's
ever done that for me I love this place
hey where did some
shadow go I sinned I saw them go on the
chhaya Texas roof they went on the roof
what the heck are they doing up there
don't worry guys it took a lot of muscle
but I managed to shut sonic down their
chimney what did you do that for
hey he stayed at home while we were
looking for silver good point so when
his son opening the door what's the plan
here if we are going into the chaotic
city us we need armor swords guns and
maybe a rocket launcher where are we
going to find a rocket launcher this
time at night I could go and run off to
find one why are we talking about rocket
launchers it's just a house what could
go on don't go in mana at least bring
your young with you yeah the chicks
aren't that dangerous I want to beat
those freaks up anyway I'll bring back
the good news
she's doomed don't say stuff like that
she'll make it just think about it no
sane person has ever left the Chi optics
is house hey she's coming back now not
one word what the heck happened to you I
got caught doing Jerri Blank
her mom firms do I have to yes fine I'm
a Barbie girl in a Barbie world like in
plastic this is so stupid
[Music]
I left forget it if that happened to her
what could happen to us hey we're not
going to give up that easy Silver's our
friend we're going to rescue him are you
with me yes now let's go and save our
friend let me finish my fruit first
[Music]